I don't see any reason why you need to block me on insta. I stopped re-sending follow requests long ago and you could simply deny that last pending request. I know I acted stupid, so I apologized many times. It was purely an immature act by me. I have also taken back my New Year message realizing you're still not interested. Girl, getting love is a true blessing. If I were you, for the amount of time, energy, and efforts someone has put in, no matter how silly, I would politely tell him, "Thanks for all your love and time. I'm blessed. But I am already in a relationship :)". Isn't that sign of respect beautiful? That is what I did once and would always do in my life. If he continues even after, then block him.  I mean, I know everyone has a unique approach, but yours is cold-blooded. You are a Hitler.

Another book suggestion for you. "Who moved my cheese"

Hey Taniya, hope you're doing wonderful. I'm doing great like always. I have a book recommendation for you this week. It could help everyone. Idk if you ever heard of the book "The 5 love languages" by Gary Chapman, which talks about how every person has a different love language. Knowing the other person's language helps build and maintain happy relationships. It applies to kids, teenagers or your partner, as every person has a different personality. You'll see a whole lot of difference in your perspective. It changed mine. As an example(assuming you watched Breaking Bad), while most people hate Skyler White for cheating on Walter White, I don't. Because, keeping it short, Walter did not understand her love language. Neither did Skyler. It's a very small book btw, won't take long.
